The Joe Rogan experience.
Did you see the thing with Don lemon on CNN with those two guys where they
started mocking Trump supporters and,
and pretending they're stupid and using a Southern accent and I'm like,
you guys, that's gonna be a deplorable moment. Prejudice. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
And you're pretending it's funny, which is even more offensive as a comedian.
And you know, that ain't funny. And Don Lemon's like, and then afterwards,
even worse,
he says he didn't realize that people were being mocked and he didn't
hear all of it. Yeah.
He said he, he, he was laughing over them speaking or something. He said,
he hear the whole.
Realize that they were saying things were offensive. I'm sorry. I would never.
Well, because some forms of prejudice are okay. And some aren't okay. Right.
You know exactly. The one I really love about the social justice law.
Maybe this is just a British thing, but they're all really ageist.
They've got a real problem with old people. Right. All white people,
all white people. Right. Well, well, there's that form of prejudice.
I think it's cuz of Brexit,
because disproportionately older people voted Brexit. So they're like, oh,
I don't care about old people. In fact,
you even have like the left leaning papers,
like the garden and the independence. So talking like, well,
they're all gonna die off soon. And then we can have another vote. Yes.
But that's not how it works. It's like, it's not like old people die off.
And then there are no more old people. Like people get older,
people change their minds. It was really, but it was also really toxic.
It was this thing of like, uh, you know,
they they're up the future for the young and they they're all, you know,
it was really ugly. Yeah. And for some reason,
these people who claim that imutable characteristics must be protected.
Doesn't matter if you're old. Yeah. Or go for you if you're old or if you,
like you say straight white male.
Straight white male is the old themselves.
Yeah. Yeah. But I, I dunno how you can see that as anything is hypocritical.
Well, to make that point.
You you're logical and you're intelligent. You're Jack, of course you can't,
but they're woke, you know? I mean, it's, they,
they might as well be in that heavens gate cult. It's the same thing. Well.
I think,
I wonder if a lot of it is coming from the media is coming from the press is
coming from the we've got, I dunno what it's like. I mean,
we saw that article from the New York times. Yeah. We've got stuff like that.
We've got this paper, the garden and the independent, they,
they are pushing this stuff.
Hardcore itself every.
Single day, you know? And there's a lot of hate clicks too. Yeah. Oh, oh. They,
so if, actually, shall I give you this example?
Do you know whether I trolled the independent, the newspaper? No. Right. So I,
um, wanted to test as an experiment. Right?
Whether they were published something really stupidly woke just because it's
woke. Right. So I submitted.
An article, James Lindsay and, and right. Yeah.
Like, like on a smaller scale, you know, but I, I,
I thought I wrote an article arguing that comedians ought to be prosecuted for
hate speech. Right. That, that mentioning a few comics mention.
And it was so obviously a hoax.
And so obviously stupid and I made up a name and I sent it and they got back to
me like, this is brilliant. We love this. This is amazing.
They really loving it. And they published it.
It's still online and what's even worse. Where is it?
How can someone, how can we find it? Right.
It's called, uh, the name is Liam. If you search Liam Evans, is that.
Your name? Yeah.
In that my faint Liam Evans independent,
and the headline is something, uh, like it's something to do with comedy.
If you search that, it'll come up. Hate speech, hate speech. Or, um, how.
Many of these online fake names do you here? It is right.
As a comedy EFIC, I'm appalled at disgusting jokes,
creeping back into the industry. <laugh> and look at underneath,
look at the tagline, comedians crying free speech. Isn't good enough.
Hate crime law should apply to all of us. Now, the thing about this article,
if you take the fourth letter of every sentence,
it spells out to Tony McGrath wrote this,
you gullible hacks <laugh> and they published it and
it's still up there and this is a mainstream.
Oh my God. That's hilarious.
It's a mainstream newspaper. It's a, it's one, one of our major.
It's amazing that you we're able to encode that.
Well, it also shows that they did all editing.
They just took it because they loved what it was saying. Yeah.
And of course the point isn't to try and fool people or be mean to people or
anything, it's, it's exposing this thing that the media, if, if the woke media,
if it furthers their agenda,
they'll publish anything by someone who wasn't even known.
He had no online presence, this guy, it's just, they agreed with the.
Sentiment. And so, so they published it in their paper. You just be a random,
random, random person sends it in and they're like, brilliant. Yeah.
They just agree. And they put it in a national paper. That.
Was the independent it's it's, you know, it's it's um,
I can't believe them it taking it down yet. <laugh> they will now, well, I only,
only sort of revealed it a couple of months ago in this speech I gave,
it was the one where I was with Peter and, uh, James Lindsay. And, um,
and it went online. But I suppose not many people know about it, but that, yeah.
They'll probably take it down now. Yeah. Now, but you know,
'em because I actually think raise your standards, you know? Yes.
But you don't stop feeding us this, this ideological.
I think there's an issue too,
with online journalism that these people are basically
fighting for their own survival. Right. There's not a lot of money in it.
It's hard to get clicks. You have to have click bait titles.
You have to attack people for things like in order to get like real
engagement. Yeah. You,
you have to kind of give into a certain amount of madness. Isn't.
That depressing.
That's the same reason why the most extreme ideas on Twitter get more retweet.
They get rewarded. Don't they with, with likes and retweets and everything.
Yeah. It's like the whole, but that shouldn't,
I have a real old fashioned view of the media. I, I, I,
I want to hold them to high standards.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and I don't want them to be going for click bait and saying
the most extreme things. I know, I think you're right.
And I think they do it for that reason, but I, I, I just wish they wouldn't.
I mean, save that for some like the Huffington post doing stuff,
like women are evil. That was one headline. Women are evil and, you know,
stuff like, like Buzzfeed does it as well. And you just think, but,
but when it comes to sort of reputable publications,
like the New York times and you know, like the Washington post,
why are they pushing this?
I think they're struggling.
So you think it's just about.
Money?
I think that's a viable way to generate clicks and clicks is what generates
income. And I think there's a real issue if you,
I know guys who are journalists and, and women as well,
who will tell you that if their articles do not get a certain amount of
engagement yeah. They're in trouble, you know, they can't just print things.
Everything has to be something that is engaging. It has to be,
it has to be attractive, but even look what Facebook's algorithm does. Right?
Yeah. I mean, one of the things that Facebook's algorithm does,
is it sort of in some way, encourages people to be upset about things,
because it shows you a lot of things that you engage with.
And a lot of times people tend to engage with things that they're upset by.
Yeah. So whether it's abortion or second amendment or whatever the subject is,
right. If you have an engagement with that and you, you,
you respond a lot and you start,
and that's what they're gonna show you over and over and over again.
And it's really more of a symptom of what human beings are attracted to.
A lot of times we're attracted to things that upset us, but.
That's gonna spiral further and further out control. I mean, ideological, but,
but <laugh> the, the culture is being moted is engineered by <affirmative> by,
by all of this stuff out there. And, and that's the argument.
Against Facebook, right? The culture wars being engineered by algorithms.
Yeah. And although I I'm really torn on this actually,
cause I'm so I'm so against censorship in all, its, you know,
I really am of course me too. Um, but I want,
I want if journalists and commentators had high standards and we're just being
honest first and foremost, um,
and they had integrity and they weren't just after clicks. Then we,
then half of this, half of this stuff would go away. I feel some.
Of it would go away. My question is they weren't doing this 15 years ago.
No. So what will they be doing 15 years from now? Well, will this wear out,
will this.
Dry up? So that's the question is, are we gonna reach a tipping point? Right.
That's the question? Right?
Because every time I think we are nearly at the tipping point,
they double down and it gets worse. Right. So, you know, after Trump's election,
for instance, right.
Almost immediately you had the women's March and I didn't really know what that
was about. Like it, it, it was, it was some people were marching for feminism.
Some people were marching for environmental issues. Some people were March.
It was really incoherent. Yes. A lot of them were dressed in the pink, hats and,
and giant vagina costumes and stuff like that. I thought, but what,
what are you protesting here? Are you saying that? You know, and,
and a lot of them had banner saying, not my president, right.
So they're protesting against democracy. Then in that case,
same thing in the UK, when, when we just had our general election,
it was a big March with loads of people with banner saying not my prime
minister, Boris Johnson, not my, well,
he is your prime because we had a democratic, uh, mandate.
And that's how this works. Right. So I think what are you PR, but seriously,
what is the point of that protest?
Like I think they're just showing unity.
They're showing that they're all together in their anger about this and that
in the future,
they're gonna be a combined force and they're gonna make sure that this doesn't
happen again. I.
Think there's a better way to do it with out generating so much resentment.
Right. I think, I think there's a, there's a more sophisticated approach,
which is to say that democracy sustained on the principle of the losers consent,
where any,
any democracy is gonna have a substantial proportion of the population who did
not vote for the leader of that. Sure. And, and, and, and you have to have that.
And the best way is to, is through, uh, cogent,
persuasion and sensible discussion and of the issues, um,
not dressing up as a vagina. <laugh>, that's just.
My key on that. Yeah. No, I, I agree with you in many ways,
but I also think for them,
it's also fun to get together with a bunch of other like-minded people and you
know, and then there's the, the men who joined in, Hey, girls, I'm with you.
Okay.